W-17052190 observability mode gr (#686)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.9/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-included-external-processing.adoc

| `1000`
| Message timeout for the processing server in milliseconds.

| `maxMessageTimeout`
| Optional
| 0
| Specifies the upper bound the processing server can override `messageTimeout`.

| `failureModeAllow`
| Optional
| `false`
| When `true`, if the gRPC stream prematurely closes or can’t be opened, request processing continues without error.

| `allowModeOverride`
| Optional
| `true`
| Enables the processing server to override the policy configuration. When `true`, the server can override the configuration of the `requestHeaderMode`, `responseHeaderMode`, `requestBodyMode`, `responseBodyMode`, `requestTrailerMode`, and `responseTrailerMode` parameters.

| `observabilityMode`
| Optional
| `false`

> | When `true`, the configured headers, body, and trailers are sent to the external processing server and Flex Gateway does not wait for a response from the processing server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| When `true`, the configured headers, body, and trailers are sent to the external processing server and Flex Gateway doesn’t wait for a response from the processing server.
```

| Parameter | Description
|External processing server URI | External processing server URI. For gRPC type servers, define the URI as `\h2://<ext.authz.com>:<port>`.
|Message timeout | Message timeout for the processing server in milliseconds.
|Max message timeout | Specifies the upper bound the processing server can override *Message timeout*.
|Failure mode allow | When `true`, if the gRPC stream prematurely closes or can’t be opened, request processing continues without error.
|Allow mode override | Enables the processing server to override the policy configuration. When `true`, the server can override the configuration of the *Request header processing mode*, *Response header processing mode*, *Request body processing mode*, *Response body processing mode*, *Request trailer processing mode*, and *Response trailer processing mode* parameters.

> | Observability mode | If enabled, the configured headers, body, and trailers are sent to the external processing server and Flex Gateway does not wait for a response from the processing server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Observability mode | If enabled, the configured headers, body, and trailers are sent to the external processing server and Flex Gateway doesn’t wait for a response from the processing server.
```
